file_server: clarify precompressed (#224)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/directives/file_server.md

- **index** is a list of filenames to look for as index files. Default: `index.html index.txt`
- **<template_file>** is an optional custom template file to use for directory listings. Defaults to the template that can be found [here in the source code ![external link](/resources/images/external-link.svg)](https://github.com/caddyserver/caddy/blob/master/modules/caddyhttp/fileserver/browse.html). Browse templates can use actions from [the standard templates module](/docs/modules/http.handlers.templates#docs) as well.

> - **precompressed** is the list of encoding formats to search for precompressed sidecar files. Arguments are an ordered list of encoding formats to search for precompressed [sidecar files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sidecar_file). Supported formats are `gzip`(`.gz`), `zstd`(`.zst`) and `br`(`.br`),

Reviewer: Spaces

```suggestion
- **precompressed** is the list of encoding formats to search for precompressed sidecar files. Arguments are an ordered list of encoding formats to search for precompressed [sidecar files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sidecar_file). Supported formats are `gzip` (`.gz`), `zstd` (`.zst`) and `br` (`.br`),
```

:+1: on the link to wikipedia btw, good idea

Author: Incorporated

>   All file lookups will look for the existence of the uncompressed file first.  Once found Caddy will look for a sidecar file with a compression extension.  If a precompressed sidecar file is found Caddy will respond with the precompressed file and the response header will set the `content-encoding`  appropriately.  Otherwise Caddy will respond with the uncompressed file or if the `encode` directive is set caddy will  compress the uncompressed file for the response.

Reviewer: Single space between sentences, wording adjustments

```suggestion
  All file lookups will look for the existence of the uncompressed file first. Once found Caddy will look for sidecar files with the file extension of each enabled format. If a precompressed sidecar file is found, Caddy will respond with the precompressed file, with the `Content-Encoding` response header set appropriately. Otherwise, Caddy will respond with the uncompressed file as normal. If the [`encode` directive](/docs/caddyfile/directives/encode) is enabled, then it may compress the response on-the-fly if not precompressed.
```

Author: Incorporated
